readme.md, before:

AVL tree implementation in Lua. Useful for maintaining a sorted list.

list.lua relies on avl.lua. list.lua allows duplicate values whereas avl.lua does not.

## Init ##

````lua
avl		= require 'avl'
newlist	= require'list' (same folder as avl)
list	= avl() -- newlist()
````

## avl.lua ##

Values in the tree are added and sorted using > and < operations at each node. The operation will fail if either cases fail. You can add tables as values by including the lt metamethod for each table.

Functions:

_:add(value)

_:delete(value)

_:iterate(mode) --> if mode is specified then reverse order of traversal

_:get(value) 

_:pop(side)

_:peek(side)

_:printTree()

## list.lua ##

list.lua augments the AVL tree by storing a counter for each value in a hash table. This allows duplicate values. Values can only be added if they were successfully added to the tree.

Functions:

_:add(value,amount)

_:delete(value,amount) --> no amount specified: delete all copies

_:iterate(mode)

_:get(value) --> returns the value and amount

_:pop(side,duplicate) --> if duplicate = 'dup' then pop all copies of a value

_:peek(side)

_:printTree()

See test.lua and output.txt for examples.

Commit message:

Added optional fVal for avl and list Updated readme

readme.md, after:

AVL tree implementation in Lua. Useful for maintaining a sorted list.

list.lua relies on avl.lua. list.lua allows duplicate values whereas avl.lua does not.

## Init ##

````lua
--[[
When adding a value, it is compared with a node's value before moving left or right in the tree. 
You can change how the values are compared when initiating a list.
Just specify an fVal (optional function) as a parameter.

For example:
We wish to insert tables into the list. We'll need a custom fVal that'll return values for the comparison operators:

fVal = function(table) return table.value end
--]]

avl     = require 'avl'
newlist = require'list' (same folder as avl)
list    = avl(fVal) -- newlist(fVal)
````

## avl.lua ##

Values in the tree are added and sorted using > and < operations at each node. The operation will fail if either cases fail.

Functions:

_:add(value)

_:delete(value)

_:iterate(mode) --> if mode is specified then reverse order of traversal

_:get(value) 

_:pop(side)

_:peek(side)

_:printTree()

## list.lua ##

list.lua augments the AVL tree by storing a counter for each value in a hash table. This allows duplicate values. Values can only be added if they were successfully added to the tree.

Functions:

_:add(value,amount)

_:delete(value,amount) --> no amount specified: delete all copies

_:iterate(mode)

_:get(value) --> returns the value and amount

_:pop(side,duplicate) --> if duplicate = 'dup' then pop all copies of a value

_:peek(side)

_:printTree()

See test.lua and output.txt for examples.
